SKRATTADU
,mannen Forlorar. OUH, UAOH
30% discount GFUEL,
If you enter the code "PEWDIEPIE"
At checkout, only for a limited time.
* Damn I am really good at this*
Frickin guys who do this, we check this new thing, the rules are simple.
Laugh, förlorlar you.
If you want to accept this challenge, then all you need to do is very simple.
Smash like this film.
Go buy all the stocks of æ‘¹ fuel
However, you get a 30% discount so you can buy more 30%. If you enter the code "PEWDIEPIE"
And you have to say "PEWDIEPIE"
When you type the code.
Now, if there is no further one to do...
If you do this, we can move on.
Let us, scare to do this, let just
AUGH *Explosion*
"It must be a damn clue."
"It may be staring at my face."
"This kid will die, I am going crazy!"
YouTube users basically do. *Giggle*
OHHH "Everything is packed, ready to go?"
"What are you talking about? - "pewds- TEH
"The overrr of the survey we know who made it" pewds- tEHHEH
"We no longer need your service, Norman..."
*Significantly * "This way you can sit on your files and go to Washington"
"I will lie" if I say I will miss ya"
"The investigation is not over yet, you have absolutely nothing on Mars."
* Felix laughs Norman's face and looks at all the anger and sh * t * heaven
I hope to have more of these
They are so good
*He read the comments on their own hands*
ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€"HHHHHHHH"
*music*
Why is that? Ridiculous Jesus Christ...
I think if I should eat the last piece of pizza now, or save it later, when I am.
ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€
This is when THAT Meme is seen from everything I have seen.
You see stupid screenshots
Correct?
Hey.. Should I still eat it now?
But.. if I eat now...
This will be hot and delicious* thinking intensified
I can save it for later and
.. but if I eat later
Then it won't taste as good.
But I am not really hungry now.
Oh my god. Oh, my goodness, it looks like I have failed this challenge.
Come on, I want to add my health.
With G-fuel
*Christian voice*
Duooon duun swaaaaa
of
Wow, all my health is back!
Thank you, Brad! ðŸ‘
*music*
How am I Brad? ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€
BRAD
Who is Brad who told me about G-fuel
He has always wanted to sponsor G-fuel for so long.
Eh. And its in COMES PEWDIEPIE!
aYEEE <input code "PEWDIEPIE"
You didn't get any G-FUEL, Brad.
I am tired of such subtitles. Sorry. Sending for help and g fuel
people. Oh, my god is this
Oh, my god is
In clay. This is the cutest thing I have ever seen, fucking me.
However, no one has warned her this
serious. My budget is chatting
The room is so good.
Why do you want to cry before everything.
Everyone is pointing out how she sounds like
The same is true for car alarms. Therefore, get
The guy who keeps moving forward. How are you. do not
care. Let's go ahead.
I can say this is only once
Before I go
Yes, brother.
Thank you. one day
just now.
Yes
Aha, it’s so sad.
We can sound like a car alarm. This actually
sad.
Wow. Wow. What is free.
It is endless.
Ok. I am beautiful.
Is there a twin or I am stupid? I can't tell.
No no no no. In the evening, it said it was a mirror.
It is like a mirror. It is like a mirror
trick. I do not know. I am very smart
So their way is like a mirror. I know, if you
Hearing this, but it is the basic for him to do so. That is
There is nothing like him or something like that.
A good joke is ok. I am not really doing this too well.
This challenge. This seems to be the time
Go if you like it. boy
You are now Brad who has a fuel sponsor
ferry
High crime rate is brighter
Hello there.
In order to be fair, Brad you just entered the code PEWDIEPIE
You will get a 30% discount.
This is a great deal. This is a good
response. Not saying that there are n minutes of higher words
Challenge, but obvious
The pain has not yet receded.
And the doctor provided a suggestion. Let's go to the hospital.
this is
unbelievable. It looks a lot like a person now.
Serum comes from the testes.
Its face, we all have to go through the end
Grow up and become a man. What does he have to do.
I'm confused.
This is my children. One day, at
California. God. One or two weeks
In California. Let's get up. I hope you have a great day.
Row. This is my voice.
Two years in California.
exactly
Yes.
I mean no. That's too bad. Hit it.
I think this is just funny. But you have seen the reference, I don't show it
reference. Hey, buddy I.
You have a boyfriend. Oh
God. Yeah, I got it at the girl.
This is sad or false. Wow. true. have to
It’s a genius that speaks for itself.
Drink and find
Correct. Sorry. What are you talking about?
Discover self-explanation
Drink the fountain. Take one.
Ok.
I like the laughter of gorillas. Oh, it's actually working.
This is what I said.
Both the means and ticktock were invented
Keep human development, not
Come up with useful ideas,
Advance humanity forward. Instead, we are here.
This kind of thing
For the sake of the means. it is good. listen
My guy you are going to put my tail tin foil hat means
Created by an alien
It sounds crazy.
It was established to stop progress
Human beings, aliens living far away
Close Dallas, the galaxy is far and far away
Time to reach us and the aggressor.
At this time, they arrived at us us
Technology is not yet, because at all of us advanced us
Made a one billion year old method of making
think about it. There is also a sand world.
The file is called. So let's do it. I
Just want to be happy. Believe me
My show like this video is me
Abuse this will help me a lot. Thank you very much for
Watch. make sure. I hope that I can be in my video.
This is and become a sponsor. you can see
This is how it is for me now. thank you
So much to watch.
I saw that you are
Home leaves. What are you, I am 57000
subscriber. Jay Chou is the right to all of this.
I became famous for some bead videos. I
done. I made it. We did it. We are sure
I am subscribed.
Fuck me, what should I do and what I do.
I am sorry. I am sorry. I subscribe to my other seven accounts.
that's awesome. Shield.
Subscribe to your other account. Fuck. What are you?
Call yourself a game player.
I will always check.
I have seen this. No.
Hey. See who found my confession and pity.
They beat you like an elf for the first time.
u like to eat beans? u know what PAC stands for?
The controller who plans and controls his own programs.
The whole thing is a metaphor. He thinks he is
Have free will, but in fact he is trapped in the maze
In a system.
All he can do is consume. What he pursues
The demon is probably just in his own
mind.
He has a girlfriend, in a club, line.
呃 毫米 mm.
You better believe that you will push the boy to swim. You will get
With so many pushes you can make a fool out of the cat. you can
The one that constitutes a whole fashion garment production line out of the cat
So much to get you started. It either hits or misses.
There, it is. There, it is everywhere. The
Car alarm.
I don't care what people will do.
For his life, but crying
Make. I was irritated by you.
Scared.
This is the worst readout noise I have ever heard.
and
The true passion for the dubbing is incredible. um, I
Obviously forgot your life.
This challenge will be again. Oh, what God is doing me
do. I saw someone a million
Far better than backwards.
It looks like I am gone
gasoline. Oh, my god darning it, I will die.
Good player. The salary is going to die. but
Remember that all you have to do to save his life is
All these March
Jet fuel is only for real gamers.
You can't do this for a shroud.
Hey scientist. The above is us. Do you understand?
See other videos tomorrow. What is she?
Be sure to upload it. Can't wait to find out.
Giz I understand. I will meet people tomorrow. And as
Always remember to keep dancing,
smile.
ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€
Enter the code: PEWDIEPIE